This folder contains a web-based app I created on my own to assist me with my work related to phone and system access when onboarding employees as well as processing terminations and leave of absences.

AccountSetup.html is HTML5/CSS and provides the UI. While minimalist would be an understatement for the style, please understand it was designed with myself in mind and I focus on function over aesthetics. I can definitely design something much more pleasing to the eye if tasked with making it more accessible but it never got to that point.

accountsetup.js is in JavaScript and is where the bulk of my effort was put. It started off with just formatting notes and quickly grew to provide functionality such as semi automatically pulling pertinent details off the ticket requests, matching up the job titles on requests with access requirements for each role and presenting the details in an easy to understand table and setting up all the notes for all users for all affected systems based on the final disposition of the provisioning table (which can be updated manually as not all situations are perfectly straightforward). While much of the code is on display (minus redactions), the full functionality is not able to be demonstrated currently.

Access per role.xlsm is a macro enabled Excel file (don't worry, the macros have been completely commented out as they won't work with the heavy redacting that was necessary). This spreadsheet took the most up to date information regarding provisioning access based on job title from 4 different Excel sheets and 2 Access databases (formatted in 2 completely separate ways) and boiled it down to 2 sheets, with a 3rd sheet providing links when job titles on tickets and the data didn't exactly match (which was most of the time). Upon closing the spreadsheet, it would export the 3 sheets to CSV files that the web app would then use to set up its provisioning table.
